TERMS OF USE & CONDITIONS OF SALE


OVERVIEW


IMPORTANT – PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND UNDERSTAND OUR TERMS OF USE AND CONDITIONS OF SALE (“TERMS” OR “AGREEMENT”) BEFORE ACCESSING OR ACCESSING, USING, OR PLACING AN ORDER THROUGH OUR SITE. THESE TERMS CONTAIN DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITIES (SEE SECTIONS 15 AND 16). THESE TERMS FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF OUR AGREEMENT.


Your use of www.kazpa.ai, including any sub-domains thereof, affiliated websites, and mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”), which are owned and maintained by kazpa.AI, LLC (“kazpa.AI,” “we,” “our,” “us”), are governed by the policies, terms, and conditions set forth below. Please read our terms carefully. We offer the Site, including all information, tools, products, and services available from the Site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here.  By accessing, using, or placing an order over the Site, you agree to the terms set forth herein. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions in their entirety, you are not authorized to use the Site in any manner or form whatsoever.


THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER PROVISIONS THAT WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A COURT HEARING, RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, AND RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.  ARBITRATION IS MANDATORY AND IS THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY AND ALL DISPUTES UNLESS SPECIFIED BELOW IN SECTION 17 OR IF YOU OPT-OUT. PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS IN SECTION 17 BELOW WHICH DESCRIBES YOUR RIGHT TO OPT-OUT.


You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time on this page (Terms and Conditions | kazpa.AI). We reserve the right to update, change, or replace any part of these Terms by posting updates and/or changes to our Site. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY CHANGES CONSTITUTES BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.




TERMS OF USE AND CONDITIONS OF SALE


1. Site Use
kazpa.io Site, products, and services are intended for adults only. By using the Site and agreeing to these Terms, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence. If you use the Site, you affirm that you have the legal capacity to enter into a binding contract with us, and have read this Agreement and understand and agree to its terms.


2. Changes to these terms
kazpa.io reserves the right to update, change, or replace any part of these Terms by posting updates and/or changes to our Site. You can review the most current version of these Terms at any time by visiting this page (Terms and Conditions | kazpa.AI). It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes.  Your continued use of, or access to, the Site following the posting of any changes constitutes your binding acceptance of those changes.


3. Privacy and Security Disclosure
kazpa.io Privacy Policy may be viewed at Privacy Policy | kazpa.io. The Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into these Terms by reference and constitute a part of this Agreement. kazpa.AI reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy at its sole discretion.


4. No Investment Recommendations or Professional Advice
kazpa.io does not provide personalized investment advice. Neither the Site nor any of kazpa.io products or services, are intended to provide tax, legal, insurance, or investment advice. None of the content provided on the Site or through any of kazpa.AI’s products or services should be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security by kazpa.AI or any third party. You alone are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, security or strategy, or any other product or service, is appropriate or suitable for you based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation. You should consult a registered investment advisor, attorney, or tax professional regarding your particular financial situation, investing strategies, or specific legal or tax situation.


To the extent that any of the content published on the Site may be deemed to be investment advice or recommendations in connection with a particular security, such information is impersonal and not tailored to the investment needs of any specific person. You understand that an investment in any security is subject to a number of risks, and that discussions of any security published on the Site will not contain a list or description of relevant risk factors.


You understand that performance data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations on our Site are made using such data, and that such calculations are not guaranteed by these sources, the information providers, or any other person or entity, and may not be complete.


From time to time, our Site may reference prior articles and opinions that we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or opinion, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.


All content on the Site is presented only as of the date published or indicated and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. In addition, you are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browser to ensure you are receiving the most recent data.


5. No Direct Lending
kazpa.AI is a financial education and training company. We do not offer any lending services, either personal or business. Your ability to obtain loans, including the amount, rate, and other terms, will ultimately depend on the determination of third party lenders, which is beyond our control. We do not guarantee that you will be qualified for or receive any particular offer from any lender.


6. Securities & Investing Disclosure
Stocks and options trading have large potential rewards, but also large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in the stocks and options markets. Don’t trade with money you can’t afford to lose. 


kazpa.AI does not represent that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on the Site. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results. All trades, patterns, charts, systems, etc., discussed on the Site are for illustrative purposes only and not to be construed as specific advisory recommendations. Information contained on the Site is intended for informational purposes only. 


7. Intellectual Property
The Site and the content contained herein, as well as all copyrights, including without limitation, the text, documents, articles, products, software, graphics, photos, sounds, videos, interactive features, services, links, User Submissions (as defined below), third-party apps, and any other content on the Site (“Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein are the property of kazpa.AI and its third-party licensors or providers. You may access and use the Content, and download and/or print out copies of any content from the Site, solely for your personal, non-commercial use. If you download or print a copy of the Content for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Site. kazpa.AI reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Site.


8. User Conduct
You may not use, copy, display, sell, license, decompile, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, create derivative works, or otherwise exploit Content from the Site to online bulletin boards, message boards, newsgroups, chat rooms, or in any other manner, without our prior written permission. Modification of the Content or use of the Content for any purpose other than your own personal, non-commercial use is a violation of our copyright and other proprietary rights, and can subject you to legal liability.


In addition, in connection with your use of the Site and its products or services, you agree not to: 


Restrict or inhibit any other visitor from using the Site, including, without limitation, by means of “hacking” or defacing any portion of the Site;


Use the Site for any unlawful purpose;


Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent;


Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the Site;


Disable, damage, or alter the functioning or appearance of the Site, including the presentation of advertising;


“Frame” or “mirror” any part of the Site without our prior written authorization;


Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to download, retrieve, index, “data mine,” “scrape,” “harvest,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or its contents;


Harvest or collect information about visitors to the Site without their express consent;


Send unsolicited or unauthorized advertisements, spam, chain letters, etc. to other users of the Site; or


Transmit any Content which contains software viruses or other harmful computer code, files, or programs.


9. Account Registration
In order to access some of the products or services of the Site, you will be required to create an account. By creating this account, you agree to the following:


You may only maintain a single account;


You may never share your account user name or password or knowingly provide or authorize access to your account; 


You may never use another user’s account without permission;


When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information;


You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure;


You must notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account; and


You will be liable for any use made of your account or password and the losses of kazpa.AI or others due to such unauthorized use. We will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.


kazpa.AI has the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel your subscription or suspend your access to the Site.


10. Automatic Billing and Cancellation Policy
Some of kazpa.AI’s products and services are provided on a subscription basis. If you purchase a subscription, the subscription will automatically renew at the then-current rate for the subscribed product or service, until you notify us of your decision to terminate your subscription.  The most common renewal terms are twelve-month periods as identified on your itemized receipt. Prior to billing you for the renewal term, kazpa.AI will email the address that you have on file for your account about the length and price of the renewal term.


By allowing the renewal to proceed, you have provided your electronic authorization for future charges against the credit card or PayPal account that you have on file. You further agree that your subscription fee(s) will be billed automatically at the beginning of each renewal period at the then-current rate (plus sale tax, if applicable) to the credit card(s) or PayPal account you have on file. If you have more than one card on file, the first card will be used. If you have more than one credit card on file, and one or more credit cards has expired, we will use the unexpired credit card. 


You may cancel your subscription(s) at any time. To cancel your membership, please contact us in writing by email (support@kazpa.ai). You may also cancel through the customer portal on stripe. Cancellation will take effect no later than 3 business days after we receive your notification.


11. Refunds
Unless otherwise stated in writing with respect to particular Services offered for sale via the Site, kazpa.AI abides by a strict, no refund policy. By accepting these Terms, You agree and understand that you are foregoing the right to claim any refund of fees paid for access and use of the Services offered via this Website.  Please contact Customer Service if you have any questions regarding whether you may receive a refund for a particular service or offer.


12. Payment Methods
All charges are in U.S. Dollars. We accept U.S. issued credit and debit cards from Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover and PayPal.


When placing an order online with a credit or debit card, you will need:


The address the card’s statement is sent to (billing address); 


The card number and expiration date; and


The 3 or 4 digit code found only on the card (CVV2 code).


By submitting credit card information or other payment information to us, you represent and agree that: (i) you are fully entitled to use that card or account; (ii) if you choose a subscription-based purchase, that you will pay all payments for your subscriptions by the date due; (iii) all payment information provided is complete and accurate; (iv) you will be responsible for any credit card fees; and (v) that sufficient funds exist to pay us the amount(s) due.


We and our third party payment service providers may request, and we may receive, updated credit card information from your credit card issuer, such as updated card numbers and expiration date information when your credit card has expired. If such updated information is provided to us and our third-party payment service providers, we will update your account information accordingly, and will use such updated information to process payments for your subscription(s) if you signed up for subscription(s). Your credit card issuer may give you the right to opt out of providing vendors and third-party payment service providers with your updated credit card information. If you wish to opt out of your credit card’s updating service, you should contact your credit card issuer.


We are not responsible for any fees or charges that your bank or credit card issuer may apply. If your bank or credit card issuer reverses a charge to your credit card, we may bill you directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. 


13. Social Media
This section applies to everyone who interacts with our social media presence, including comment sections, feeds, and other elements of social media presence viewable on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, Google+, LinkedIn, or any of the many other available external third party social media platforms we may utilize (“Social Media Presence”). 


Social media platforms are places of public information exchange, and you should have no expectation of privacy when using them. Specifically, neither these Terms nor our Privacy Statement apply to our Social Media Presence. The sites and platforms that host our Social Media Presence are not controlled by us and therefore have their own privacy policies and terms of use. The comments and opinions expressed by users on social media are theirs alone and do not reflect the opinions of kazpa.AI. Comments that some would consider inappropriate or offensive may appear on our Social Media Presence and may remain there until they have been identified by us or called to our attention and we are able to work through the necessary procedures and technical processes to have them removed. If you see an offensive or inappropriate post or comment on our Social Media Presence, you should report it to the operator of the applicable site or platform using the procedures they have established for that purpose.


14. Copyright Notice
The Site maintains specific contact information provided below, including an e-mail address, for notifications of claimed infringement regarding materials posted to this Site. All notices should be addressed to the contact person specified below (our agent for notice of claimed infringement):


Notification of Claimed Infringement: 


kazpa.io


Email: support@kazpa.io


You may contact our agent for notice of claimed infringement specified above with complaints regarding allegedly infringing posted material and we will investigate those complaints. If the posted material is believed in good faith by us to violate any applicable law, we will remove or disable access to any such material, and we will notify the posting party that the material has been blocked or removed. 


In notifying us of alleged copyright infringement, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act requires that you include the following information: (i) description of the copyrighted work that is the subject of claimed infringement; (ii) description of the infringing material and information sufficient to permit us to locate the alleged material; (iii) contact information for you, including your address, telephone number and/or e-mail address; (iv) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or by the operation of any law; (v) a statement by you, signed under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you have the authority to enforce the copyrights that are claimed to be infringed; and (vi) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. Failure to include all of the above-listed information may result in the delay of the processing of your complaint.


15. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE INAPPLICABLE OR PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE SITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE MAKE NO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AS TO THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, AND/OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION ON THIS SITE. WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM THAT: (A) THE USE OF THE SITE WILL BE SECURE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED, OR ERROR-FREE, OR OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR DATA, (B) THE SITE OR OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, (C) ANY STORED DATA WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (D) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, (E) ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (F) THE SITE OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE THE SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.


16. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITIES
EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE INAPPLICABLE OR PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL kazpa.AI OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS, AND/OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES, FEES, COSTS, OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PRIVACY POLICY, THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR YOUR OR A THIRD PARTY’S USE OR ATTEMPTED USE OF THE SITE OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER kazpa.AI HAS HAD NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, FEES, COSTS, OR CLAIMS. THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OR PRODUCTS, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES. THIS APPLIES REGARDLESS OF THE MANNER IN WHICH DAMAGES ARE ALLEGEDLY CAUSED, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE. IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH ABOVE, kazpa.AI IS FOUND LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY, kazpa.AI’s LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WILL BE LIMITED TO USD $500.00. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY FOR ALL CLAIMS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER kazpa.AI WAS AWARE OF OR ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES OR SUCH CLAIMS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.


17. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
PLEASE READ THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS. EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM THAT YOU MAY HAVE IN THE FUTURE MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING CONFIDENTIAL ARBITRATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. THE RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT, SUCH AS DISCOVERY OR THE RIGHT TO APPEAL, MAY BE MORE LIMITED OR MAY NOT EXIST. YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY ONLY BRING A CLAIM IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF (LEAD OR OTHERWISE) OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS OR CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING.


THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. HOWEVER, AN ARBITRATOR CAN AWARD ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS A COURT (INCLUDING INJUNCTIVE AND DECLARATORY RELIEF OR STATUTORY DAMAGES), AND MUST FOLLOW THE TERMS OF THESE CONDITIONS OF USE AS A COURT WOULD.


General


Arbitration is a manner of resolving a “Claim” without filing a lawsuit. “Claim” means any dispute between you, kazpa.AI, or any involved third party relating to your account, your use of the Site, your relationship with kazpa.AI, these Terms, or the Privacy Policy. This includes any and all claims that relate in any way to your use or attempted use of the products or services, and any act or omission by kazpa.AI, or any third party related to your use or attempted use of the products or services. You, kazpa.AI, or any involved third party may pursue a Claim. kazpa.AI agrees to final and binding confidential arbitration should it have any Claims against you. Likewise, you agree to final and binding confidential arbitration should you have any Claims against kazpa.AI. By agreeing to arbitrate, you waive the right to go to court and agree instead to submit any Claims to final and binding confidential arbitration. This arbitration provision sets forth the terms and conditions of our agreement to final and binding confidential arbitration and is governed by and enforceable under the Federal Arbitration Act (the “FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, as amended.


Commencing Arbitration


You and kazpa.AI agree to commence any arbitration proceeding within 1 year after the Claim arises (the 1 year period includes the required pre-dispute procedures set forth above) and that any arbitration proceeding commenced after 1 year shall be forever barred. 


Organization, Rules and the Arbitrator


We each agree that any and all Claims other than those exempted under subsection “b” above shall be submitted to final and binding confidential arbitration before a single arbitrator of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). Either party may commence the arbitration process by submitting a written demand for arbitration with the AAA, and providing a copy to the other party, within the time period set forth in subsection “d” above. The arbitrator shall be selected by agreement of the parties or, if the parties cannot agree, chosen in accordance with Rules of the AAA. The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the AAA’s Commercial Dispute Resolutions Procedures, Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, in effect at the time of submission of the demand for arbitration. The AAA’S Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. The arbitrator shall have the exclusive and sole authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, construction, validity, applicability, or enforceability of these Terms, the Privacy Policy, and this arbitration provision. The arbitrator shall have the exclusive and sole authority to determine whether any dispute is arbitrable. The arbitrator shall have the exclusive and sole authority to determine whether this arbitration agreement can be enforced against a non-signatory to this agreement and whether a non-signatory to this agreement can enforce this provision against you or kazpa.AI. 


Fees


Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s Rules. We will reimburse the fees charged by the arbitrator for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. Likewise, we will not seek attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. In all other respects, the parties shall each pay their own additional fees, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, those for any attorneys, experts, documents, and witnesses.


Governing Law and Award


The arbitrator shall follow the substantive law of the State of MA without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. Any award rendered shall include a confidential written opinion and shall be final, subject to appeal under the FAA. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 


Enforceability


This provision survives termination of your account or relationship with kazpa.AI, bankruptcy, assignment, or transfer. If the class action waiver is deemed unenforceable (i.e., unenforceability would allow arbitration to proceed as a class or representative action), then this entire arbitration provision shall be rendered null and void and shall not apply. If a portion of this arbitration provision (other than the class action waiver) is deemed unenforceable, the remaining portions of this arbitration provision shall remain in full force and effect. 


Miscellaneous


Failure or any delay in enforcing this arbitration provision in connection with any particular Claim will not constitute a waiver of any rights to require arbitration at a later time or in connection with any other Claims except all Claims must be brought within the 1 year limitation period set forth above. This provision is the entire arbitration agreement between you and kazpa.AI and shall not be modified except in writing by kazpa.AI. 


Amendments


kazpa.AI reserves the right to amend this arbitration provision at any time. Your continued use of the Site, purchase of a product or service on or through the Site, or use or attempted use of a kazpa.AI product or service, is affirmation of your consent to such changes. Should the changes to this arbitration provision be material, kazpa.AI will provide you notice and an opportunity to opt-out. Your continued use of the Site, purchase of a product or service on or through the Site, or use or attempted use of a kazpa.AI product or service, is affirmation of your consent to such material changes.


YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO HAVE ANY CLAIMS DECIDED INDIVIDUALLY AND ONLY THROUGH BINDING, FINAL, AND CONFIDENTIAL ARBITRATION. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM THE DATE THAT YOU PURCHASE, USE, OR ATTEMPT TO USE A PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE (WHICHEVER COMES FIRST) BY WRITING TO US AT kazpa.AI, ATTN: LEGAL DEPARTMENT, PO BOX 554, ASHLAND, OR 97520. FOR YOUR OPT-OUT TO BE EFFECTIVE, YOU MUST SUBMIT A SIGNED WRITTEN NOTICE IDENTIFYING ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE YOU PURCHASED, USED OR ATTEMPTED TO USE WITHIN THE 30 DAYS AND THE DATE YOU FIRST PURCHASED, USED OR ATTEMPTED TO USE THE PRODUCT OR SERVICE. IF MORE THAN THIRTY (30) DAYS HAVE PASSED, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO OPT OUT OF THIS PROVISION AND YOU MUST PURSUE YOUR CLAIM THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. SHOULD EITHER PARTY FILE AN ACTION CONTRARY TO THIS PROVISION, THE OTHER PARTY MAY RECOVER ATTORNEY’S FEES AND COSTS UP TO $1,000.00.


18. Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless kazpa.AI, its affiliates (including without limitation all affiliated professional entities), subsidiaries, and their directors, officers, employees, contractors, licensors, suppliers, representatives, proprietors, partners, shareholders, servants, principals, agents, predecessors, successors, assigns, accountants, and attorneys from and against any claims, actions, losses, liabilities, damages, expenses, demands, and costs of any kind, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of, resulting from, or in any way connected with or related to (1) your breach of these Terms, the documents they incorporate by reference, or the Agreement; (2) your breach of any representations or warranties in this Agreement; or (3) your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.


19. Third-Party Websites and Links
Our Site may include materials from third-parties or links to third-party websites. kazpa.AI is not liable for any third-party materials or websites. Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party. 


20. Testimonials, Reviews, and Other Submissions
kazpa.AI is pleased to hear from users and customers and welcomes your comments regarding our services and products. You agree that any testimonial or product review that you provide kazpa.AI is true and accurate in all respects and does not infringe or interfere with the intellectual property rights of any third party. You agree that kazpa.AI may use testimonials and/or product/service reviews, in whole or in part, together with the name and city/state/country of the person submitting it. Testimonials may be used for any form of advertising relating to kazpa.AI’s products or services, in printed and online media, as kazpa.AI determines in its absolute discretion. Testimonials represent the unique experience of the customers submitting the testimonial, and do not necessarily reflect the experience that you may have using our products or services.


Anything that you submit or post to the Site and/or provide us, including without limitation, photographs, testimonials, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, “Submissions”) is and will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary, and we shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, and create derivative works from such Submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions. You represent and warrant that you are the owner or have sufficient rights to share the Submissions with us. All Submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you.


Additionally, kazpa.AI reserves the right to correct grammatical and typing errors, to shorten testimonials prior to publication or use, and to review all testimonials prior to publication or use. kazpa.AI shall be under no obligation to use any, or any part of, any testimonial or product/service review submitted. If you submit a testimonial, you are confirming that you have read, understood and agree to these Terms. If you disagree with any part of these Terms, do not submit a testimonial.


21. Electronic Communications 
You agree that we may communicate electronically with you and that such communications, as well as notices, disclosures, agreements, and other communications that we provide to you electronically, are equivalent to communications in writing and shall have the same force and effect as if they were in writing and signed by the party sending the communication. 


22. Assignment 
You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be null and void. kazpa.AI and its affiliates may, in their individual discretion, transfer, without further consent or notification, all contractual rights and obligations pursuant to these Terms if some or all of kazpa.AI’s business is transferred to another entity by way of merger, sale of its assets, or otherwise. 


23. No Waiver
No waiver by kazpa.AI of any term or condition set forth in these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure by kazpa.AI to assert a right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.


24. No Agency Relationship 
No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and kazpa.AI as a result of your receipt of any kazpa.AI product, your use of any kazpa.AI service, or use of the Site.


25. Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.


26. Termination
In the event that we terminate this Agreement, Sections 1-28, as well as any representations, warranties, and other obligations made or taken by you, shall survive the termination of this Agreement.


27. Entire Agreement 
These Terms, the Agreement, and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site or in respect to the Site constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and kazpa.AI, and supersedes and replaces any prior or contemporaneous agreements. Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms or the Agreement shall not be construed against the drafting party.


28. kazpa.AI Monthly Subscription: Agreement, Cancellation, Refund Policy
Monthly Subscription:
By purchasing a kazpa.AI monthly subscription, you agree to an initial and recurring monthly subscription fee at the then-current monthly subscription rate, and you accept responsibility for all recurring monthly charges until you cancel your subscription.  You may cancel your monthly subscription at any time, subject to the terms of the kazpa.AI Cancellation Policy.
 
Cancellation Policy: 
To cancel your monthly subscription you must log in to your kazpa.AI customer portal via stripe and submit a cancellation request.  Cancellation requests will be processed within 24 business hours. Once you cancel your membership subscription, you will not lose access immediately. Your membership will continue through the end of your current charge cycle. For example: If your credit card is charged on the 2nd of the month and you cancel on Jan 28th, you will not lose access until Feb 2nd.
 
Refunds:
Subscription fees are non-refundable.


Questions or Additional Information
If you have any questions regarding your account, any product or service, or these Terms, please contact our customer support team by phone, mail, and email at the following: 


kazpa.ai, LLC


Boston, MA 02128


Email: support@kazpa.ai






















Privacy Policy
SECTION 1
Overview
‍At kazpa.AI, LLC., we take privacy issues seriously. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the kazpa.AI, LLC. Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information
SECTION 2
Why do we collect personal information?
kazpa.AI, LLC. collects personal information to improve the manner by which we operate, offer our products and services, communicate with you about those products and services, and provide effective, timely customer support when needed. We will never rent or sell any of the personal information we collect from you to third parties, and we do not share your personal information except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
SECTION 3
‍What kind of personal information do we collect?
kazpa.AI, LLC. collects personal information in a variety of ways when you interact with kazpa.AI, LLC., including when you register or create an account with kazpa.AI, LLC.; when you place an order at kazpa.AI, LLC.; when you use kazpa.AI, LLC. products or services; when you visit kazpa.AI, LLC. pages or pages of certain kazpa.AI, LLC. partners; when you enter promotions or sweepstakes; when you subscribe to a newsletter or desire to be added to our mailing lists for other products or services; when you correspond or otherwise interact with us; and when you provide feedback in any of our online surveys.
Information we collect may include: your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, product preference information, billing information, demographic information provided by you (such as language, gender and age, and, if applicable, content preferences and personalization information) and personal interest information. On occasion, we may ask for additional information to enable us to provide with access to and use of certain information, materials and services. kazpa.AI, LLC. may combine information about you that we have the information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
SECTION 4
‍What are cookies and how do we use them?
‍Cookies are small data files that write to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit a website. Cookies allow kazpa.AI, LLC. to measure traffic activity as well as to improve your user experience, for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences. Like other major websites, kazpa.AI, LLC. uses cookies to provide you with a tailored experience when visiting kazpa.AI, LLC. and using our major products.
We treat any personal information that may be contained in cookies with the same level of confidentiality as other information you provide to us. If you wish to disable cookie functionality, you may do so by changing the security settings on your browser. However, portions of kazpa.AI, LLC. may not function or function as efficiently, without them.
SECTION 5
What information is collected from other sources?
‍Social Media Widgets: The Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Websites. These features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on the Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the companies that provide them.
SECTION 6
How do we protect your personal information?
‍Information From Third Party Services: ‍We may also obtain other information, including personal information, from third parties and combine that with information we collect through our Websites. For example, we may have access to certain information from a third-party social media or authentication service if you log into our Services through such a service or otherwise provide us with access to information from the service. Any access that we may have to such information from a third-party social media or authentication service is in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by that service.
If you authorize us to connect with a third-party service, we will access and store your name, email address(es), current city, profile picture URL, and other personal information that the third-party service makes available to us, and use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on these third-party services to understand and change the information sent to us through these services. For example, you can log in to the Services using single sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider.
These single sign-on services will authenticate your identity, provide you with the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us, and pre-populate our sign-up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities in the Services to your profile page to share with others within your network.
SECTION 7
‍How do we use your personal information?
kazpa.AI, LLC. safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. To make purchases from kazpa.AI, LLC. web site, you must use an SSL-enabled browser. kazpa.AI, LLC. uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on web pages used to complete a purchase. This protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
While kazpa.AI, LLC. takes precautions to ensure the security of your data, no one can completely guarantee the safety of data transmitted over the internet. It is important that you take steps to ensure the safety and security of your personal information, for example by not sharing passwords or other registration data.
SECTION 8
‍How and when we disclose your information we collect.
kazpa.AI, LLC. uses your personal information in the following ways:Delivery and billing for our products and services, and to communicate with you concerning your account and customer service issues. This may include verifying authorization of credit card usage before any purchase of content or services.Improving our products and services by providing personalized content recommendations, language and location customization, and/or personalized help and instructions.To ask you to participate in surveys about products, services, news and events. Offering you product upgrades, content, services and other training courses for you to purchase.
Providing provide you with content, services, instructions, and a more personalized experience based on personal information, such as your language preferences, zip/postal code, country locations, and any content or other preferences you provide.Providing you with news, free newsletters, updates, targeted advertising, promotions, and special offers. To better understand how our products are used, including Web traffic patterns and what types of content are most popular with users of our products and services.Providing anonymous reporting for internal and external partners.Facilitating your participation in our online forums and helping to manage improper behavior by individuals using the forums.
SECTION 9
What are the Legal reasons we collect and disclose certain information?
kazpa.AI, LLC. may share your personal information with trusted vendors and partners who work with kazpa.AI, LLC.. These partners are provided with your personal information to help kazpa.AI, LLC. communicate with you about offers from us and from our marketing partners. They are contractually required to keep this personal information secure and to only use it for the purposes for which it is provided. kazpa.AI, LLC. may send personal information about you to other companies or people when we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested or to provide a provide a product or service to you. However, these companies are only permitted to use the personal information for these purposes.
kazpa.AI, LLC. may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with law or legal process or if requested by duly authorized public authorities; (b) comply with the order of a competent judicial authority in any jurisdiction; (c) comply with legal process served on kazpa.AI, LLC.; (d) protect and defend the rights or property of kazpa.AI, LLC., or our affiliated companies, their employees and agents; (e) enforce our terms of use; (f) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (g) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (g) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of kazpa.AI, LLC. products or the public at large.If kazpa.AI, LLC. should ever file for bankruptcy, or become insolvent, or be acquired by a third party, or merge with a third party, or sell all or part of its assets, or transfer substantially all or part of its relevant assets to a third party, then kazpa.AI, LLC. is entitled to share the personal information and all other information you have provided through the products and service to potential and subsequent business and merger partners.
kazpa.AI, LLC. may share “cookie” and other anonymous data about traffic patterns or usage collected on kazpa.AI, LLC. with affiliated companies, its business partners or with third party advertisers or ad networks. Any data shared is anonymous and does not identify any user.
kazpa.AI, LLC. may also include third party advertising. These third parties’ websites and advertisers, or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf, may use technology such as web beacons and cookies to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, electronic images and other technologies to deliver advertisements, collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements, and to collect anonymous information about your visits to kazpa.AI, LLC., such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information). If you would like more information about this practice, as well as your choices about not having this information used for online behavioral advertising by these ad networks, click here: http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp
kazpa.AI, LLC. also contains links to other Websites and products. kazpa.AI, LLC. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites or products. Please visit the privacy policies of these third party sites in order to understand their privacy policies and data collection practices.What rights do you have regarding your data?You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection.You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
An informal email making this request is sufficient.The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.If you no longer wish to receive communications from kazpa.AI, LLC., you can opt-out from receiving such messages in the future by following the instructions in the message or contacting us at support@kazpa.ai. With respect to the Site’s use of cookies and other similar technologies, by adjusting settings on your browser, you may elect not to allow cookies to be places, and thus opt-out of certain features of the Site and the Site’s automatic collection of certain data about you.
You may also adjust your advertising preferences on various social media websites by adjusting your settings on the platform.If you are accessing the Site from the European Economic Area, which includes the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway, or you are a citizen of a member state of the European Economic Area, you have the following rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal dataRight to access your personal dataRight to have any inaccurate personal data correctedRight to have your personal data erasedRight to restrict use of your personal dataRight to personal data portabilityRight to object to the processing of your personal data.
SECTION 10
Community Forums:
Legal basis for processing (EEA visitors only):If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to provide you with our Services), where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have your consent. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time why we need to use your personal information. If we process personal information in reliance on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us” section below. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of Our Rights:In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Service Agreement, or as otherwise required by law.Testimonials:From time to time, we may post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. We obtain Your consent to post Your name along with Your testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@kazpa.ai.
‍The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas“). You should be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. To request removal of your personal information from an Interactive Area, contact us at support@kazpa.ai. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Notice concerning the party responsible for this website.The party responsible for processing data on this website is: kazpa.AI, LLC. Email: support@kazpa.ai If you are a resident of California, California law permits you to request certain information regarding the disclosure of your personal data by kazpa.AI, LLC., or its affiliates and subsidiaries, to a third-party for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at support@kazpa.ai or write to us at the address listed above. We respect children’s privacy in particular. We do not target knowingly or intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. By using the Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under 13, you may not use the Site. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you are urged to email us at support@kazpa.ai. If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please e-mail us at the following address: support@kazpa.ai. We may change this privacy policy at any time. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will prominently post that the policy has changed.